>> Steve Kinney: So
we'll set up the item store.
>> Steve Kinney: And the item store is
going to now receive these actions and
figure out what it needs to do.
So we know that we need the event emitter
>> Steve Kinney: And
we know, I think that's
about all we need right now.
You know we need the app dispatcher.
>> Steve Kinney: And
it's cool to think about like,
we know we needed the action creators,
cuz they're gonna tell the app dispatcher.
And we know we need the store, cuz it's
gonna hear from the app dispatcher.
So there is a certain amount of I
think magic is really great, and
we'll see a state management library
tomorrow that has a lot of magic and
everything just works out of the box,
right?
But sometimes being able to see
these things is very useful for
conceptual understanding.
Versus it works, but
I don't really understand why.
Which is great when it works,
and terrible when it doesn't.
All right, very cool, what I'm gonna do
right now is I would like to start with
some default items,
just for my own sanity.
So I know I needed to make
that items array anyway,
that I'm going to push and remove from.
I had the calculator in
the previous example.
I'm gonna have an items array that's
gonna be in the closure that I'm
gonna add items to, change items in,
and remove items from.
So, what I'm just gonna do is I'm
just is I'm gonna grab this one,
seems like as good as any.
Again, cuz I don't wanna
break code necessarily,
I'm just gonna do a copy paste it first.
And then I'll remove it, in a second.
So, in the items store
we will say let items.
And maybe this is an empty array.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so we have all
those items and these needs unique ID.
Just because we're creating them here,
mostly out of laziness.
>> Steve Kinney: UniqueID, cool,
so we've got our items, all right.
Now we need to create the item store.
So we know it's class ItemStore
extends EventEmitter.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll have
a constructor that needs to call super.
Cuz again, EventEmitter does a bunch
of self set-up to be able to store
the listeners and stuff along those lines.
So we have to call that and those green
lines right now are because it's a useless
constructor cuz I'm not
doing anything in it.
But I'm going to in a second, and
I wish it would leave me alone right now.
All right, so the item store,
is gonna have some methods to it.
So we know getItems is definitely the one,
okay, I need all of these items.
So we'll return the items array.
The other thing we're gonna do
is we got the app dispatcher.
We'll say AppDispatcher.register(action
-) that comes in.
And if you don't write
this on the construction,
you could theoretically make this a method
and just like call the method here as
well to register it in the constructor,
but I don't mind doing this.
So we have the three kinds
of actions from before.
We had add action, update.
I'm sorry add item,
update item, remove item.
So let's go ahead and we'll say,
if action type,
>> Steve Kinney: Is ADD_NEW_ITEM.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's make sure my
memory is good here ADD_NEW_ITEM, yep.
We'll handle this in a second.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's get
the other two in place.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll call this one the UPDATE_ITEM.
we'll say REMOVE_ITEM.
Right, so these are three things that
can happen to items in the item store,
they're either added, they're updated,
or they're removed, that make sense.
So the other thing that's gonna come
in at any given one of these points is
the action.item, right?
We saw that it was the changed one,
if toggle was the action creator,
we get the item, itself.
If it was removed, then we get
the new item, if it is the new item.
So, what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna create a bunch of methods.
I could do these all theoretically,
in these conditionals.
During the break, I was reprimanded for
not using switch statements.
I regret nothing.
You can't make me.
>> Steve Kinney: So we have addItem,
which will be the items, and
this should look very familiar from what
we're currently doing in application.
One of the reasons I'm not
running over and copy and
pasting is I don't wanna
switch files too much.
And at this point I have written this app
so many times, and done this pattern so
many times that I can just do it by heart.
But we could theoretically go
into application and copy and
paste some of this logic.
And that is probably an equally good idea.
So we'll say this.omit change,
whenever we do that.
>> Steve Kinney: That said,
since I am cowboy coding, so
maybe better be on the lookout for typos.
Cool, we've got updateItem.
>> Steve Kinney: This will be
the updated item in this case.
Because I'm gonna iterate
through all the items again.
Remember, I was mapping
through all of them and
just replacing the one that changed.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, so let's try that.
So we'll say items, again,
that's the one kind of in the top
level scope there on line 6.
And we're gonna replace it with,
>> Steve Kinney: Items.map,
go through all the items,
>> Steve Kinney: And
if the,
>> Steve Kinney: item.id ===
updatedItem.id,
>> Steve Kinney: Or does not equal it,
it doesn't, like really
the condition can go either way.
So if doesn't equal just return that item,
otherwise we're gonna
return the updated item.
So effectively, we're returning new array
with the item that we're looking for,
replace with the updated one, very cool.
And then what do we need to do
whenever we change the items array?
>> Steve Kinney: Tell the world,
yeah we need to emit('change').
A lot of times you will see
this pulled into a constant so
that you can't mess it up.
That's a very smart idea.
And we'll have removeItem(itemToRemove),
>> Steve Kinney: filter,
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll filter out,
we want true stays in, false leaves.
So we'll say item.id,
>> Steve Kinney: It'll
be true if it is not the right id.
So this will keep all the existing ones,
and
then we this.emit
>> Steve Kinney: ('change').
So now we can modify this,
right, an action comes in,
we change this array as it needs to
get changed, either adding them,
updating them or removing them,
and then we tell the world.
The other thing we need to do is just,
>> Steve Kinney: Export default.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, you might be
wondering if I'm just making a single
instance in exporting it, why didn't I
just use a plain old JavaScript object?
Mostly cuz I wanted to do inherit
from event emitter, right?
And I could, theoretically,
extend a event emitter and
all those kind of things and
I can construct an object like that.
But since I do want to like
inherit all of its methods,
I'm just gonna create class and
instantiate it, all right.